## UC 9: Biometric Profile / Carrier Held Biometrics for Seamless Airport Travel (IN Groupe)
The Biometric Profile for seamless airport travel use case enables travelers to create based on an PID and use a secure digital biometric identity for an end-to-end, contactless airport experience, from luggage drop to boarding.
Through the airport’s mobile application, travelers can request the creation of their biometric profile - Carrier Held Biometric - using verified personal attributes shared from their EUDI Wallet. These attributes include: first name, last name, date of birth, credential expiration date, credential type, nationality, and a JPEG 2000 photo. These attributes must be shared from PID and/or DTC and/or PhotoID. Once issued to the EUDI wallet in first place, this biometric profile is securely linked with the traveler’s boarding information. It allows passengers to navigate the airport journey using dedicated biometric-enabled checkpoints — from baggage drop-off and security control to boarding gates. Travelers can authenticate themselves by presenting an ISO-compliant Biometric QR Code stored in the airport app, which can be easily scanned at self-service kiosks or e-gates and proceed to face recognition. This removes the need to repeatedly show passports or boarding passes, creating a fast, intuitive, and frictionless travel experience.                                

Actors: 
-	User: a Marseille airport traveler
-	Remote and proximity Relaying Party: Marseille Airport (Airport Marseille mobile app)  
-	Citizen EUDI Wallet: FIN EUDI Wallet
-	Biometric Profile provider: IN Groupe issuance Biometric Profile attestation
-	Airport Marseille mobile 

User journey: 
-	Step 1 : Biometric profile request on Marseille airport’s mobile app by the traveler
-	Step 2: Identity attribute request from Marseille airport’s mobile app to the traveler EUDI Wallet 
-	Step 3: Secure transmission of identity attributes from the traveler EUDI Wallet to the Marseille airport mobile app
-	Step 4: Creation and issuance of the biometric profile creation and issuance
-	Step 5: Adding biometric profile to the Marseille airport mobile app
-	Step 6: Association with Travel Data and ready to travel issuance
-	Step 7: Biometric Passenger Journey in the airport, using the Ready to travel Attestation or the Attributes Picture of the Biometric QR Code to access biometric-enabled checkpoints, at baggage drop, security checkpoint, or boarding gate.  
